you did previously get shot at by dot
cotton sorry i don't watch eastenders
mother of god
ac12 steve
all right mate all right mate all right
fella
kid sir sir what in the hell have you
got for me now
or do you want to tell them or should i
you do it so yesterday morning around 3
p.m police were called onto a scene at
chestington world of adventures due to a
massive gang theft of a rollercoaster
surf
witness reports state that was a park's
most popular ride sir and that there
were people actually on the carriage at
the time of the theft which can only
mean that
they're probably on it right in the
second serve they also found a
suspicious device left and replacement
on the right sir
well what the hell was it apparently it
was an aster trolley
no what ride was it oh uh dragon's fury
sir
mother of god and the lead investigator
at the scene shot three people dead sir
it's been put down in self-defense but
something seems dodgy about it to me i
think they could be involved
in the rcg set we definitely think this
case could be our link to finding out
who hates his stuff
i've said it before i'll say it again
it's one thing nick and criminals but
bent copper's mother of god all right
well you're my best team
if you think she's corrupt then i'll
back you all the way
thanks darling sir we spoke to the
gaffer right
you push from the inside office from the
outside all right mate
oh by the way if i'm going undercover
what do you think about the name ds
flapjack whatever you think's best mate
all right mate cheers
going on the record ac 12 interview gi
lindsey denton and federation
betty boomerang in the presence of
superintendent hastings dsr not
d.i fleming not you again
you're meant to be dead no comment the
identum thank you very much for coming
in today
even more so considering you did
previously get shot at by
dot cotton caddy bastard directly into
your face
sorry i don't watch eastenders you're
meant to be dead
how the hell did you get your job back
well in her defense
it is 2021 weirder things have happened
you know jackie levity is still in the
freezer look i am only not dead because
when dots shot me i manifested the
bullet to only hit me in my full cherry
gland
it worked they put me in witness
protection for three months
i got a new cat and i've got a caravan
now what do you want for the record i'd
like to declare the ident and you were
being
interviewed today as a suspect of
several unlawful events
god you having a few
d.i denton where were you exactly on the
afternoon of thursday the 5th of
february around 3 p.m
due to my rights as a serving officer i
request to only be questioned by someone
one ranked superior
then dias flamingo now d.i denton where
were you exactly on the afternoon of
thursday the 5th of february
i was called onto a status zero scene at
a theme park due to an ocg robbery
i shot three down because they were
armed when i arrived i was only
following police regulations choosing to
protect both myself and the general
public
now for the record we have several
witness reports that you were involved
with in the lcg
ocd it's triggering my ocd
oh ocg what's what's ocg
organized crime group for the dir d s r
naught is showing
federation rep an acronym on the wall
fml
i am not corrupt now on the cctv it's
clearly showing you well
stealing a carriage from a ride
that's not a carriage what about the
roller coaster track that you had in
your boot that was my bag
look we're an anti-corruption unit i
think we all know that by now
just saying fella now going back a bit
now the park cctv shows that the three
victims were eating pizza right before
they were struck dead
now when you say they were armed fella
the weapon didn't so happen to look like
this did it so it is
yes in a way i suppose it did offer
officer dei denton as a police officer
you know that it is your lawful duty not
to kill people just for reading lunch
right well i still don't get how that
would make her h though
if i'm being completely honest i am not
h
however i do know who h is
well who the hell is it it's keeley
hawes
that's me again you know it's 20
21.
keely horse is in everything lindsay
dent and i shall now be seeking
authority within the crown prosecutor to
arrest you on the following charges
the conspiracy to murdering three
innocent people being deeply involved
with an ocg faking your own death drink
driving theft of a roller coaster and
for perverting the law of justice
you do not have to say anything although
anything you do say may harm your
defense if you do not mention when
questions something you later rely on in
court
you're in trouble mate yes i'll tell you
what fella
that's one thing nick and criminals but
then
we know so